Quick doc update (#11)
nf-core/nft-utils: README.md

In this example, 1 file is stable with stable content (`stable_content.txt`), and 1 file is stable with a stable name (`stable_name.txt`).
The last file has no stable content (`execution_trace_2024-09-30_13-10-16.txt`) as its name is based on the date and time of the pipeline execution.

> For this example, we want to snapshot the files that have stable content, and the filenames that have stable names. We use `stable_name*.name` to include the name of any file with a name matching the regex `stable_name` in the snapshot. We use the `stable_content` to include the content of every file where the filename matches the `stable_content` regex in the snapshot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this example, we want to snapshot the files that have stable content, and the names of files and folders that are stable. `stable_name` is a list of every file and folder except those matching the glob `**/execution_trace*.txt`. `stable_content` is a list of every file except those matching the two globs `**/execution_trace*.txt` and `**/stable_name.txt`. `stable_name` should be use with `*.name` to only get the name of the files and folder from the list, stable_content can be used in the snapshot directly.
```
